#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass amsbook
\use_default_options false
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 1
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Description of Experiments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our experiments, an animal will walk around in an enclosed space while
 several areas of cortex are recorded from simultaneously.
 Regions may include primary sensory, secondary sensory, sensori-motor,
 motor, and pre-motor areas.
 The type of recordings will include:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Multi-electrode recordings of extracellular spiking activity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Local field potentials
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Voltage sensitive dye recordings of entire regions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Calcium sensitive dye recordings of entire regions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The animal's sensory environment and behavioral state will also be recorded
 while it freely explores the enclosed space.
 Depending on the modalities examined, the following data will be available:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Video from the animal's point of view that encompasses the entire viewable
 visual field.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Microphone recordings of sound from the animal's point of view.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Texture properties of objects that somatosensory appendages contact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Overall behavioral state of animal, such as awake/asleep, eating, drinking,
 foraging, communicating, nest building, and so on.
 The state will be represented in a hierarchical fashion, containing the
 behavioral context at the top of the hierarchy, and actions performed at
 the bottom.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Attempts will be made to construct the enclosed space to contain a rich
 set of stimuli which mimics the natural habitat of the animal.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Objective and Network Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal is to construct a parameterized network model that can be fit to
 experimental data recorded for a given animal.
 Each possible type of recording is a multi-dimensional time-series in a
 function space 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{R}$
\end_inset

.
 Sensory input represented as video, audio and texture are also multi-dimensiona
l time-series in a space 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{E}$
\end_inset

.
 The behavioral state exists in a different kind of space, one that still
 evolves over time, but has a graphical structure.
 The 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

top
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 of the graph has only a few states and represents behavioral context (awake/asl
eep, eating, drinking, etc).
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Lower
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 states on the graph represent actions performed.
 We'll call the space of behavioral contexts 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathcal{B}$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
